docs(probe): Adding the probes details in docs (#331)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/chaosengine-concepts.md

</tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr>
  <th>Field</th>
  <td><code>.spec.experiments[].spec.httpProbe</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Description</th>

>   <td>We can specify the httpProbe details which will run inside chaos experiment and probe result will be patched inside chaosresult.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>An experiment probe that verifies availability of a service endpoint </td>
```

</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Type</th>
  <td>Optional</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Range</th>
<td> <i>user-defined</i> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Default</th>
  <td> n/a </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Notes</th>

>   <td>The <code>.httpProbe</code> allows developers to specify the custom http probe and it will match the response code with the expected status code.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>The <code>.httpProbe</code> allows developers to specify a URL which the experiment uses to gauge health/service availability (or other custom conditions) as part of the entry/exit criteria. The received status code is mapped against an expectedStatus</td>
```

</tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr>
  <th>Field</th>
  <td><code>.spec.experiments[].spec.k8sProbe</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Description</th>

>   <td>We can specify the k8sProbe details which will run inside chaos experiment and probe result will be patched inside chaosresult.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>An experiment probe that accesses a Kubernetes resource on the cluster.</td>
```

</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Type</th>
  <td>Optional</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Range</th>
<td> <i>user-defined</i> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Default</th>
  <td> n/a </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Notes</th>

>   <td>The <code>.k8sProbe</code> allows developers to specify the custom k8s probe. It will use gvr(group, version, resource), namespace and fieldselector to check for kubernetes native resources.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>The <code>.k8sProbe</code> allows developers to list K8s resources (native or custom) as as part of the entry/exit criteria. It accepts the gvr (group, version, resource), namespace and fieldselector as inputs filter the desired resources.</td>
```

</tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr>
  <th>Field</th>
  <td><code>.spec.experiments[].spec.cmdProbe</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Description</th>

>   <td>We can specify the cmdProbe details which will run inside chaos experiment and probe result will be patched inside chaosresult.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>An experiment probe that executes a shell command</td>
```

</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Type</th>
  <td>Optional</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Range</th>
<td> <i>user-defined</i> </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Default</th>
  <td> n/a </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <th>Notes</th>

>   <td>The <code>.cmdProbe</code> allows developers to specify the custom cmd probe. It can use inline command(which can be run using go-runner image only) OR it can use any source image and run the command inside the pod w/ the source image and match the expected output.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>The <code>.cmdProbe</code> allows developers to run shell commands and match the resulting output as part of the entry/exit criteria. The probe supports an <code>inline</code> mode in which the command is run from within the experiment image as well as <code>source</code> mode, where the command execution is carried out from with a new pod whose image can be specified.</td>
```
